com.melvincypher.calculator.Applications
com.melvincypher.calculator.Applications: Applications()
com.melvincypher.calculator.DebugActivity
com.melvincypher.calculator.DebugActivity: DebugActivity()
com.melvincypher.calculator.MainActivity
com.melvincypher.calculator.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$color: int colorAccent
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$color: int colorPrimary
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$drawable: int Ic
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$drawable: int button
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$drawable: int c
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$drawable: int download
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$drawable: int roundedbutton
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button0
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button1
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button10
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button2
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button3
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button4
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button5
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button6
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button7
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button8
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int button9
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int buttonC
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int buttonadd
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int buttondiv
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int buttoneql
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int buttonmul
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int buttonsub
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int edt1
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$id: int relative1
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$layout: int activity_main
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$string: int app_name
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$string: int footer
com.melvincypher.calculator.R$style: int AppTheme
